Alu
You take a break here first
You drank too much
Are you still awake?
good boy
Stayed up late last night
Sleeping again
I said he was weird too
I only had one drink yesterday
Why are you crying?
Adi
Who gave you that glass of wine yesterday?
Miss Bai
Bai Ruo squats down
But I'm weird.
Obviously he invited me to the charity dinner
But we have more scenarios.
After I go in
He said he didn't remember anything
I suspect he was trying to show me up on purpose
Won't ask me sincerely at all
What about this?
Just challenge me
forget
superfluous thing
Not to hurt you
What's up?
Are you uncomfortable taking medicine?
No safety measures were taken
Do I want a baby dragon?
I will be responsible for you.